---
# Copyright 2021 seL4 Project a Series of LF Projects, LLC.
# SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
title: NIO joins the seL4 Foundation
anchor: member-nio

link: https://nio.com
img: /Foundation/Membership/LOGOS/NIO.svg
width: 15%
alt: NIO logo
---

The seL4 Foundation welcomes [NIO Inc](https://nio.com) as a Premium member.

NIO is a pioneer in China's premium electric vehicle market. We design, jointly
manufacture, and sell smart and connected premium electric vehicles, driving
innovations in next generation technologies in connectivity, autonomous driving,
and artificial intelligence. Redefining user experience, we provide users with
comprehensive, convenient, and innovative charging solutions and other
user-centric service offerings. NIO went public in the U.S. in 2018. So far, NIO
has launched 3 mass-production vehicle models: ES8, ES6, and EC6, and
accumulated deliveries to users are over 120,000. Starting September, NIO will
start delivering to users in Norway. NIO invests heavily in in-house R&amp;D to
build full-stack cutting-edge technologies around intelligent and autonomous
driving EV. Its engineering teams are distributed across the globe, including
US, UK, Germany and China.

The Digital Systems department at NIO is missioned to develop the most advanced
software platform for the next-generation autonomous driving vehicles in the
industry from the ground up. This platform is internally named NIO Vehicle
Operating System (NVOS) and based off seL4. It involves solving a wide range of
technical challenges, such as seamless app development on heterogeneous hardware
chipsets, low-latency & high throughput data processing, powerful AI framework,
automobile-grade safety and security guarantee, and complete toolchains to
provide Android alike development experience.
