---
# Copyright 2021 seL4 Project a Series of LF Projects, LLC.
# SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
title: Horizon Robotics joins the seL4 Foundation
anchor: horizon-20210623

link: https://en.horizon.auto
img: /Foundation/Membership/LOGOS/Horizon_Robotics.svg
alt: Horizon Robotics logo
width: 25%
---

The seL4 Foundation welcomes [Horizon Robotics](https://en.horizon.auto) as a Premium
Member.

Horizon Robotics is a global leader in the development of artificial
intelligence computing platforms. Its mission is to make driving safer and more
convenient as drivers transition to intelligent and self-driving vehicles.
Founded in Beijing in 2015, Horizon Robotics develops next-generation autonomous
driving technology integrating edge-AI processors, algorithms, and toolkits.
Horizon has reinvented the automotive-grade AI processor with Horizon Journey
SOC and its Brain Processing Unit AI engine (Horizon BPU), to offer the ultimate
balance of high-performance, low power, and cost effectiveness for inference at
the edge. Horizon's state-of-the-art AI toolkit and model zoo enable developers
to optimize and deploy their own neural network models to Journey BPU with ease.
Horizon also offers vision perception algorithms to accelerate
time-to-production in the dynamic and highly competitive ADAS/AD market.

The evolution of automotive E/E architecture continues rapidly. With complicated
hardware consolidation, software consolidation and separation happen
simultaneously. &ldquo;To address the challenges of safety, security and
realtime in autonomous software, a fundamental high quality state-of-the-art
microkernel is needed. We are looking forward to working with members of seL4
Foundation to build mixed-critical platform and solution for next-generation
autonomous driving vehicles.&rdquo;
