---
# Copyright 2021 seL4 Project a Series of LF Projects, LLC.
# SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
title: Li Auto joins the seL4 Foundation
anchor: member-li-auto

link: https://lixiang.com
img: /Foundation/Membership/LOGOS/Li_Auto.svg
alt: Li Auto logo
---

The seL4 Foundation welcomes [Li Auto Inc.](https://lixiang.com) as a Premium
Member.

Li Auto is an innovator in China's new energy vehicle market. The Company
designs, develops, manufactures, and sells premium smart electric vehicles.
Through innovations in product, technology, and business model, the Company
provides families with safe, convenient, and refined products and services. Li
Auto is a pioneer to successfully commercialize extended-range electric vehicles
in China. Its first model, Li ONE, is a six-seat, large premium electric SUV
equipped with a range extension system and advanced smart vehicle solutions. The
Company started volume production of Li ONE in November 2019 and released the
2021 Li ONE in May 2021. The Company leverages technology to create value for
its users. It concentrates its in-house development efforts on its proprietary
range extension system, next-generation electric vehicle technology, and smart
vehicle solutions. Beyond Li ONE, the Company aims to expand its product line by
developing new vehicles, including BEVs and EREVs, to target a broader consumer
base.

Li Auto's team will develop a secure highly extensible real-time open platform
for next generation self-driving vehicles based on the micro-kernel OS seL4. The
platform will enable an ecosystem for third party application developers.
